Feature/more docs (#137)
phpsu/phpsu: docs/CommandLine/Sync.md

``` 

With the `--verbose` option you can see the output of the commands run by phpsu.

> The level of verbosity can be changed by applying more `-v` to the command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The level of verbosity can be changed by applying more `-v`'s to the command.
```

> Phpsu will give the verbosity option to the underling commands as specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Phpsu will forward the verbosity to the underlying commands as specified.
```
